_ . August 26, 1974

COMMENT ON A NEW YORK‘-.38 PROFILE AND EIOG.RAP1~."x'
BY '
ROBERT M052-ZS

Robert J‘-.. Caro has written a hiography about me, excerpts from
which have appeercd in  four-part Profile in The New Yorker. The

Proﬁle seems to be a considerably digested, amended, edited and ex-

purgated version of the twelve htmdred page biography.‘

I have sought the advice of close iriends, most of when told me

to say nothing. on the other hand, judging by inqui.-ies,_ some comment

seems to be called for. ihevc limited it to loss that: 3500 words as

against 120,000 in the Proﬁle and 600, 000 in the book. I shall have

.nathing further to add, except to suggest that the critics remember.

Governo:-_Smith's favorite remark in such contexts, "Love 1001-: at the

record. " I _ . _ -
It is difficult to address oneself at once to a whitewashed, Bowd-

lerized Battle with a sensational, cyn-catching title caculated to attract

h£z:.:w.cha:'x;.-:s.ar.e.d:::mdgl:t.1ies,.n':anu:zctured by early opponentswho

Caro - '4
curious readers, and a biography. '1'hc«Proiilo is within bounds of

current journalistic practice. he biography, on the other hand, is full

of mistakes, urxsupported charges, nasty, baseless personalities and
random hayznakers thrown at Just about everybody in public life.
The biography tries to prove that Iran :2. good boy who fell from
- . 1

grace, became a politician and mistreated the -poor. ‘me author can't even

get the names and places so-sight. There are hundreds of careless errors.

I

have waited for an opportunity to satisfy ancient gnadgcs and found this
author aready instruznent._ Among personal, nasty, false, venomous
and vindictive canards is one that I was romantically linked with Mrs.

Ruth Pratt, our tirst Congresswoman, and that as a result my We took

§

sick, hecame an alcoholic and a recluse, that I virtually abandoned her,

joined some kind of iourso:-no and took a lady who subsequenuy became V

my wife to Florida. My comwon on the short Florida véetioos was

Caro-3

my daughter June. with respect to my family liie, the author's

innuendo: are wholly untrue and scurrilous. Under the fair libel laws
they would be actionable.

I-‘or dirt and misinformation the author says he latched onto a.
brother or mine, now dead. Stznilarly, he attacks by name, by sly hints

oi wrongdoing and conflicts of interest scores of prominent and respec-

ted officials and citizens, many of them dead.

A

The author praises two reporters, Gleason and Cook of the

on

Scripps-Ecward press, as sterling representatives of the journalistic
profession, but iails to inform his readers that they were called in by
the district aitornc§' and fired in disgrace after being iorced to admit

that theyhed fabricated a particularly vicious housing story.

I invite no prolonged controversy with the likes of Caro and

his publishers. "R318 comment is not meant to spark controversy. It

aims to maize one ste.te:nent which will ?.n:.'.':er legitimate inquiries. Ii

there were-the slightest vestige oi truth in the random charge that poor,

¢-—-

helpless, Qsplaoed persons met ruthless public works dictators who
sadistically scattered them to the worst rookeries, why do not Caro and
his pehl-isher offer some plausible evidence? Ninety-eight percent of the
ghetto folks we moved were given immeasurably better living places at
unprecedented cost. Usually amonth aﬁer the last relocation not a letter
oi complaint was received. . .

And whatin ordinary English is the meaning oi the words e"Power

Broker"? What is a power broker? Does Fleisehman of The New Yorker

_ ¢

or Imopi, thepublisher, or Caro, the-snoopar, mean that I proﬁted ﬁnan-
cially? If that's the implication why don't they say so? Do they mean I

have been what in common political parlance is called an "omrator 7"

And what is an operator? Someone who is devices, serpentine, an£rae-

tuous? Do these publishers use such words simply to attract gullible par-°

chaser: regardless of what there is bet*..r.veen.the covers? ‘
As to whether honest public service is a profitable profession, let

me say that. I spent most of my principal in order to remain_in public em-

ployment. The story of my wealth is iiction. I had to borrow money from

_ ‘.5.
‘u_

5:3.“ my mother To persuade busted contractors to bring back material in or-

 

der to open Jones Beach on time. I had to dun friends to keep an-vey
parties irom starving when  enemies cut off our mnds in the Sa.te_
Legislature. Ibese tidbits escaped the author, Knopf and Fleischnzan.

‘mere is no reliable evidence to be obtained Iron: a ‘few land-L
owner znalcontents who proﬁted less than they expected iroxn our im-
provements. To find out whether there were aw sizeable numbers oi
iamnies displaced to accommodate parks, perkways, bridges, tunne1s,_ _
power developments and suchlike, it would be necessary to ma.-ice ather-
ough impartial canvass, not to interview a iew beiiyachers at street cor-
ners'or disgruntled truck farmers on the edge or the ty about to make
hundreds oi thousands of dollars £1-om proxiznity to new roads.

It would also be essential to determine whether any growth or pros-
perity on Long Island east of the City line would have been possible witho~.:t'tl*.e
facilities for travel we built and what could have been substituted for cars,
trucks and buses running on rubber undpavcd roads. one can not help min;

amused by my friendsamonrg the media who shout for rail: and inveigh again:

gu

-"-CSL!'O- 6 _ . 

I ‘ _ "

J" '6

«-00 O ‘

2.-ubber but admit that they live in the suburbs and that their w;ivcs.are
absolutely dependent on motor cars. We live in o. motorized ciriiization.
The current action is that any overni:_:ht ersatz bagel and lox

boardwalk merchant, any down to earth commentator or barﬂy, any bug
housewife who gets her emrtise from newspapers, television, radio and
-telephone, is ipso facto endowed to plan in detail a'h~.1ge metropolitan

n

arterial complex good tor a century. In the abence of pcofnpt decisions

bfmrts, no work, no payrolls, no arts, parks, no notliingwill move.

. Honest public oiﬁcinls will be denounced as wheelers and dealers, oppres- .

sors oi the poor, dictators, ﬁ_xers and power brokers intolerable in a true
democracy. Officials who are not thin skinned and have the courage of

their convictions pay little mind to the grevamen or such charges and don't

§

bother to ansver allegations at length or defy all ailegmrs. '

What with poisonous critics, savage commentators, public rela-

0

tions advisers, speech and ghost writers and equal time rebuttal spouters

-the g-tbes of the wife 0! a Prime '.*.Ci:-.!ster

over the air: we are rapidly succumbing to what Whitney G.-imold o:
Yale used to aptly call "nothing but technological illiteracy". an the
other hand, you don't catch us mintscule, imitation Itapoleons denying
open forums for dissidents to find fanlt and enthusiasts to advocate
causes. We stmﬁy ask that the forums be properly conducted. 
victims or biographies have survived harder imp-eachments. Critics

claim to be amdous over the inﬂuence of petty dictators d:-es't in a little

brie! authority. at the other pend," builders worry about government

paralyzed by lunatic iringes.

In this context I we a: that ;c1ne_1y_:ua::y duddy, mush Poet

O

‘Lam-eate Sir William Watson, who was much too decent for the critics.

He was roused to fury

only once. That'tvas?:.vhen he could no longer stand .

and b-.1:-st out with the best verse

he ever wrote, beg1r.nir.g:

, "" "She is not old, she is not young. ~.,,

Here and there in the Proﬁles there are broad hints that my

associates an.-.1 Iwere not always ultra reﬁned in our actions. They corn-
plain that we have not followed the Marquis of Qaeensberry rules. They
say that on occasion we quietly after hours smoothed the paths :[or '

our parlcways. They insinuate that old trees were whisked away by in-

Qcnious stump pullers to allay the apprehersim of nervous environ-

'u':cn:a1xs2s_._ 1: this be true, tell it not in Gath. Publish 5: not in the streets

§

oi Asltelon. As the city folk ride into the open country we shall, I trust,
be io:-given. The original rgilroad bcilders too were in a. sense me). iner-

chants and chopped down some spincily woods to stoke their engines.

6

m way oi contrast I like to reflect on the app:-oech_oi one of our °

0

own distinguished American philosopher-s and all-around tongue and bat

athletes, Leo DJ:-ocher. Perhaps in mild extenustion of his own occasion-

al lapses from Amy Vanderbilt‘; rules oi etiquette, Leo wisecracked, "Nice

0

-'o>I'3.
V.... H <‘§
. . _ .

--

The woman with the'serpent's tongue. " ~.,_,

V I-
‘I

guys ﬁnish last. " It is well in this context to remember the nameless, tor-

gotten pitcher in Casey at the Eat, the anonymous hero who struck Casey out.
The parks and rights-ot—way we snatched just ahead of the sales of

big estates to farsighted realtors bent on s.:bdivlsion on the most p:-ofitaae

’ terms permitted by pliable zoning commissions would cost from ten to twen-

ty times as set: today as vacant land, and where it was necessary to take
houses, probably a hundred times. The critics and second guessers say we
were sometimes rude, arbitrary and highhanded. {eybe so, but suppose’ -

we had waited. Critics are ex post iacto prop.‘1ets'wbo can tell how every-

thing shoztlri have been done at a time when they were in diapers, in

lroznpers or invisible. We ditehdiggers do our best to live up to our oaths

of office with the slender talents voschsgfed us. We enjoy our work. We
accep‘. its drawbaelts v.'itho'.:t vzhintng. We expect neither 1:111 unders'.a:-.d-

ing by the Ca:-os and Knopis, nor ttnquzdiiiecl popular acclaim by The New

Yorker.

We don't as}: anyone to be sorry for us. There is considerable

confetti among the brlct-tt:-.~t:. A park eomniiczioner must have a C015

' ,. L10 . .

, K

hear-t.on a. baﬁny day at Jones Beach not to  pleased to be recognized by
a few Beach aﬁcionados, or perhaps in the Central Mall restaurant to get
' a iriendly glance oi the eye and even a wet smack :from one oi those nice
middle-aged ladies who fancy they owe hlzn something. Perhaps these
occasional harmless little con-Jplizzertts represent only mistaken identity,

°t:ut do the beneﬁciaries of our mks ever stop to ask the publishers for

thcir autog:-a_chs 7

Charges of arrogance, contempt for the so-called. democratic

o..

’ process, lack oi ialth in the plain people, brutal up:-ootlng and scattering
of those in the way are as old as recorded history. In much periods the left
wingers, ten:-.tlc:=.l environmentalists and seasonal Walden Ponders have 2

ﬁeld day. They believe that Steve Ben€t's termites, who eat steel‘ columns .

' In

and beanzs, will soon level the tall bulldlngs and bridges of every metropolis

and enable us to retire to unspoiled and untrcznmeled nature.

 

.l.n§one in public works is bound to be a target for charges oi

arbitrary administration and power broking levelled by critics who never

' had responsilillty ior building anything. I raise my st-into the builder who

Mussolini or S.a‘.ir..

can remove ghettcs without moving people as I hail the chef who can make
omelets without breaking eggs. Those ofus who engage in‘ the dangerous
trade of public works expect such pot shots and, short of libel, take them

gooci-nz-.tu:-eﬂy. Ibis reminds me of the remark attrihited to a. depa:-ted
statesman: "Enemies — I have no enemies. I bu:-led all those bastards
long ago. " Any ad.-r.inist:-ator the critics don't li:-:e is 2. small scale ‘:£iiler,
The author's thesis is that Iwas once a pilgrim who made progress,
tell among cl:.°_'-latzins, lost his ir.s;:i:-etion and never reached the Celestial

City. This is a. sad summary to which most observers on rcﬂection are not

likely to subscribe. I prefer to believe that some oi us may still be in

. ' ‘~ 

‘- cam-12 

O
. .0

demand when politicos of greater refinement and more sweetness md

light have been found wanting.

The Cares think that those who have fozmd it necessary to expand
their activities to meet the responsibtlites imposed on them do so ou:,oi

vanity and the yer. to collect titles, hats," badges, medals and diplomas

us though they were P11! Bate. Kappa keys of departed schola:-s for sale in .
Bowery pawnshops. ‘It: be sure, there are sensitive folk who have Saifered
- from oﬁicial an-oganceand dislike what the military can the habit of com-

mand. The meziieiral idea! was of course Chance:-'s imp:-obable vet:-ay,

pa:-ﬁt gentil lczight sans pee: et sans rep:-ache, a breed which survives

onlytn museum tapes:-ies.

_ The author of znuch oi this diet‘:-ibe_has no remote notion of how
commissioners are made. I like to recall riding in an e1evatcr with several
other officials to a meefdng at the City Compt:o1ie:“s omce. .As we left the

car a chum or the elevator man asked him, “Who are they?" The 01-“-'r~"-'-Cr

' Caro-13 r

not

replied, "Commissioners. A dime a. dozen. " ‘me author knows very

well that most commissioners usually rise to the top by doingtheir menial
chores mo-Jestly, have the right political sponsors, are loyal, clean the win-
dows, sweep the ﬂoor and polish up the handle of the big ircnt ‘door. They
palish it up so carefaiiy that they become the rulers of the Q.:een's Navee.

'I‘o-b: %, the b.:ii'der is primarily conceraedtwith taringiaghome
the bases. ‘Ultra-reﬁnezi, ttnieky tel}: won't eat oxtail ragout because of 
lowly associations: ‘Ibo much reﬁnement can puaiyze e:tgtneering._ 8>::e-
times it seems sheer zxiaziness to enter such a thanlziess profession, bet it '
has its compensations. In spite of these drawtzcks it is astonishing how
‘  recruits leap to their feet as the tfggier shatters the dawn with the
‘ti:-st notes of reveiile and they tea: the irresistible clarion can :3 public
service and sacriﬁce.

‘me a'.1‘.hor 2:-.:i pihlisher do not co::;.:rehe:::i the obligations of

leadership. it'is true that altogether too much limelight fails or: the se-

caiied stars as con: "ed to the rest of the cast and the workers behind

I

' .._,Caro - 14 " \~ '

the scenes. '£sprit de corps, more comrnorzly called teamwork, is the
mom important factor in leadership and this can not be asserted. It
' must be ea:-ne:1. It is not high aim, or courage, knowledge, wisdom, nor

even the ﬁghting spirittha: keeps enterprises oi great pith irom going a-
stray in spite oz treachery, treasons, stratagezns and spoils. '1: is person-
al loyalty, not loyalty to at-asbect principles, but mhekeablo personal,

never-failing loyalty which gives support in the clinches. , ‘me greatest satis-

- "'

{action is to find you have loyal friends. Ihe others are not worth a tin}:er's

o

\

damn.

The author minimizes our recapture and reciexnation of the neglec-
ted New York waterfront, an accomplishment without parallel in any other

great port city in the world. He accepted as gospel yarns spun by Elwood M:

Q

Rabenold, once a West Side legislator. Rabenold boasted a Harvard accent

sdperimpcscd on Pen:-.s;:lvanie Dntch. I-Ie high-batted and thereby won the

undying e:'.:::ity of Jimmy Walker, the Senate leader who" represented the

3 Caro-lb ..

next district.’ Rabenold seezos to have disliked me because as head oi
the state par): system I charged him with being mixed tip in Palisades

. real estate wheeling 2:.-.d dealing. Caro m:ea.rthed..Sena'tor.Rabenold who by
that time had retired to :1 huge, biblical Pems','1va.nia farm with herds oi

c_a.tt.lo on a. hundred hillsides 2:-‘ad was e-leader oi the I.:::'he:-an  ‘I

_ told Caro this man had been sent to Sng Sing for three years for stealing

w counsel from an incompetent old lady and had been disbarre from the

pr_act:ice of law in New York. ms author says Walker railroadod min In:

. does not sey where or lazm. ‘W2-.ll:er had nothing whatever to do with it, but
Caro seems still to regard Rabcnold 5 a reliable source of ir~.iorroatton.A
A magniﬁcent car  author refers to was my mother's huge old
Ma-men, called by her driver a. Morm-on. After her death I used it in the
_ I.-0:39 Island State Park system, when I gave it to the Coremisston. It wm
worth under $1,000. Similarly, one of the yachm was a ram rutner equtppezi
with airplane eng".nes bought at a She:-iii‘: sale for $300. It cataqht tire on a
trial trip, seek and wasthen eqeipped with heavy duty engines and served the

Comznissicn some twenty years. Another magniﬁcent luxury boatﬁwas bought

._t

"—' —' I

by me for less than a thousand dollars. 1 ran it. me magnmccnt meals
dreamed up by the author were cooked on sternos. My entire City Trust

Company ban!-dng report as Morelend Corzzmissioner under Roosevelt and
Lehman was written  longhand in a. Western Union tower on Fire Island
given me by the head of Western Union, mrnished by me, given the State
and lost in the 1938 hurricane. ‘me best boat the park authorities had was
bought tram Charles P. Noyes, the realtor, for one-third its value when he

was semng the ei:-.-cts oi one oi his boys killed In a car accident. There are

—-

‘ countless aieh evidences in Care‘: book of his exuberant oriental fantasies.

The stink bombs oi some lady critics don't suiiocate us. 'severe1

of these char.-:-.ers said there wm not one note of beauty and no restige oi

0

good taste or culture at both World's Fairs at Flushing Meadow and that

both were offensive and a totel loss. ‘me huge task of reclaiming this fetid

meadow blocked by the biggest ash du:np'1n znuniclpal history, so well de-

scribed tn "The Great Gatsby", and wtder.£r.q a. foul, tortuous, muddy brook

into hzige, bea'.:ti:‘;1 12!-res, all this was ignored by these ladies. I allude to

:5?" "

“/1 ';'‘\,;gc to whom I refer. Wild horses would not drag ix-om me the names of

3
L.
. ,.

,.

of’ J"
..

.3‘
.‘_\
7:‘
1.1
Q
.4
‘J ,
.. A,
.

 
 

_ geese representatives of the not always fair sex.
I find most critics, male and female, enormously diverting as

they decide at lunch or cocktail: which cm-tains to lower and shows to close,

which actors to got the hook and which public ofﬁcials to send to the hoosegow
ior getting their ﬁslihoaks caught in the cracker jar. These critics ciistrihete

' with eq.'e.l justice and impartiality me crowns of wild olive and the kisses of

death.
We badly noes another William Cowper and another George C:-23.b_t3e

in  t‘.pptro2.ch to the press and telerision. they svrote more than two centu-

ries ego and couched their inclictmenm in fortlu-ight Anglo Saxon. Cotrper was

5

the tdgher of the two. Crabbe was aptly named. He learned e.bs'.:t human
nature 27 starting liie as an ordinary midwife and then got into Socratic mid-

wifery ans became a. great writer, cleric and chronicle: of the age. Let me

give you a claw oi Crabbe:

"I sing of News, and all those vapid sheets

The rattling hawker vends through gaping streets;
Whzte'cr their name, whete'er the time they fly,
Damp from the press, to charm the reader's eye:
For, soon as morning dawns with roseete hue,
The Herald oi the rncrn arises too; '

Post after 2: succeeds, and, all day long,
Gazettes and Ledge:-s s‘:.’2.1'::x, a noisy throng."

CRFO-JD , 

U

The author does not have the remotes’: notiozi of the independent *-

corporate character at :1 World's Fair and confuses it with public business.

He is even more ignorant of the laws and practices of 'independent public
authorities. In p.1b1ic' authority ﬁnancing the entz-epreneur must sell its

bonds on character, not on government guarantee: against loss. Any biogra-
phy which rests on any other assurnption is irresponsible and those who aid
and abet in publishing it are unreliable.‘ The nasty Caro-Knopf charges about
patronage add favored banks arid other ixistitzzticns are made out 0! whole cloth,

were never sustained and even repudiated by the courts.

‘Caro asserts boldly, and oi course without any credtbic proof,

that I took funds which could have been used to build mass transit. facili-

ties, and used them to lntld parks, pa:-lavays and roads. The absurdity of _

such 1: statement is that there never were any such funds avatlabie or, in

"(*§‘}!}¢:!,'
.

.Ca.ro- 19

anfévent, under niy control. I never had anything to do with the build-

ing of such facilities in any otticlel or other capacity. In short, I never

was in charge of mess transit. " '

0

Various people, poiiticiané and a.:nateu: strategists are repeated-

ly saying more should be done for mass transit. I agree. Bit why don't

' these people do something about it instead or talking? Why don't they so-

cure the funds 2.-.5 eund them as I am 1;: the mas in which Iwas cue:-gag: _
officially? As to selection oi sitestor bousing, each one we built was
approved by the Board of Estimate and other bodies aiter long proceesi:-.g'
and, in sex:-.e cases, strenuoos local op-position.

Sir.-atlarly as to parks, ‘parkways, bridges and other facilities,

roost oi them encountered serious opposition, and all were bent, aiter

owciai government approval, and in Nev} York city with the co:'°.sé:2t of

the Ea:-d of Estimate.

:-

On the persona side, garo says, proving I don't know what,

 

‘ that I am a barn speaker, ru.-zﬁlng through my text without stopping for

O

niaplause and conteznphlous oi the audience. ‘me little weasel.-: who charge

conlllcl of interest um: a cm-zszmas present of a. bottle of old brandy from ‘

. a contractor calls for relu.:-nlng ll publicly withe big ﬂourish as an attempted

bribe. ‘The Ca.ros always look for mac’. the boouegger in Scott Fitzgerald‘:
Gatsby called ''go::nectlons'', « V .

‘me author's thesis, as I have said, is that bet;-Inning as an idealistic
reformer I became a. power broker and patronage dispenser and ended up a hit-
lez-,_ iruclblc, disillusioned, artlzrlﬁc old curmudgeon dependent on lhicl-g we-
glzassesumd a.-big hearing cld end sporting huge liver spots and a. but.l’ez-'5 ﬁan-

lry or bulge in the xnldrlﬂ, a. resemblance which will be greeted with derisive

whoops and Home cheers £1-om my buddies ax the bemhes, bars and bl$os.

Caro denounces just about everybody. Llke Jeremiah, he ﬁnds no
 £ﬂ<—
balzn in Gilead and, like  esuons whether any good thing

0

ever came out of Nazareth. It may well be that '.':‘he New Yo:-lzer can sell its
Proﬁles for two lzlcks, but I doubt that many well-heeled readers win for}:

out $17.95, plus sachet, to read the mzexpu:-gated Caro.

In appraising the quallﬂcallons or a. writer to Become an autlaorily

on public work.-: there ls really no substitute for successful experience an:

9-nu I--
0

1‘! results visible to the naked eye. A foundation fellowship is no credential. It

.3

 only represent a poor investment and the familiar triumph of hope over

experience.

‘ ' Ca:-o's engineering and transportation outgivines are.:-idiculoesiy
amateurish, naive and infantile. He picked them up iron: a. disgruntled young
engineer with the City Planning commission who indulged in nasty re:rimina-
am me: he left the City manning Commission. Ca:-o‘s idea was that 1:
raoid transit rails were put in the middle oi the Long Island Expressway which
he didn't like, the entire p:-ohlem would be solved. I . . _ _ .
' 3 ' Inever celled Mayor Latsuardie. any of the so—called nernes Caro
maliciously mentions and nobody will substantiate these miserable yarns. I
did once say facetiously when the Sainted 1-‘iorello  on a highly dramatic
performance that he reminded me of Rigoletto. I am sorry I  it, although

' J
it was entirely innocent. I thought then and still do that he was the best mayor

in my time. i . .

Better judges than the cares and Knopf: have ridiculed the
practitioners of peblic works. In this context I always tip my hat to my

cousin Frank Lloyd Wright. In his wilder mjects oi Welsh fa‘.-atssy he

a‘\€»O g ,e

.Ca.'.'O- 22 v

really believed his own 2.-chitectmal interrupticns at nature liited us to

the hills whence cczneth our light, enhanced the plains and .sv.'ept 25 out_

to the limitless sees. Frank's ccznpariscn of himseli as a. skyiarlc and to’
me as ahlind night crawler were a: course just 2. q-.:2.tnt ‘bit at‘ Celtic hxmor.

We take these things iron the Fran}: Lloyd Wrights because we admire

0

them in spite at their iziiocyncrasies.

Tnose oi us 7330 have co:npe.r2.ttve1y little time leit tor con_.'5trtx:-
tive work and have to husbarzd their reso-.~.rces can not attord to waste

muscle on keyhole snoopers, dirt dishers, gossips, and embittered 'b'.:::s

trying to geth'.:.-11¢ at someone they mlike.

In all faatriotic arm there is supposed to he a. hero like Arnold

voh Winkelried who gathers the spears at the enemy to his besom and sane:

the Swiss Navy. The role is not for me. The spears in this instance are

made at the paper unelegently }:::o':.'n u buznwad. They cr'.:n;‘b1e on compact.

  

The 'I\'e?.' Yorker Prome series ends with those remarkable sen-
 tences: "It is impossible to say that New York would be a better city if

Robert Moses had not shaped it. It is possible to say only that it would be

In different city. " Assuming that the City changes, however brought about,
were as extensive as the author says, what would New York look like xvitéo-at
them? Sirely it cozlzi not have been left in a powerless and brolcerless state _

of chassis and suspended aizizaetion.
The author says he is‘:-zbout to do a biography oi.Piorello Iaésarﬂa.
I suggest to Marie I2G.:a:-die that she be very carer . --

I0'IM4%III4I1r

